Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
From January, the new anime have started, right?
The production I’m interested to watch is...
...The following!
"Card Captor Sakura: Clear Card"
It's the sequel of an anime that was played a few years ago, right?
It turns out that since last year...
...The manga for "Clear Card" was launched
It's the anime of this manga, right?
Man, it's a work that never loses its color even after the years pass!!
Very good!
Sakura-chan is adorable!!
Tomoe-chan is also adorable!!
Kero-chan is adorable as well!!
I like everyone!!
And also...!
They’re all adorable and...
And when they say: "Release!" And do that movement...
And well...
...There’s beautiful and cute cards, they know how to capture a maiden’s heart, right?
And for all the men...
...Well, there's the lolicons, so then...
So good! So good!
I also want to look great and adorable using magic like Sakura-chan
Having said that, today...!
...I plan to imitate Kinomoto Sakura-chan!!
In that case, let's start at once!
First off...!
The transformation scene!
Man, I said it before, but...
...It’s definitely something that captures a woman's heart...
...It’s a scene that all woman wants to recreate at least once, right?
Key that conceals the power of darkness...
...Show your true self before me...
...By my power, I command you
Release!
Next up...
...The Secret Technique scene!!
Well, even though I say “Secret Technique", it's about that, right?
It's the words used to seal a card, right?
Return to the guise you were meant to be in
Clow Card!
Was I able to seal it??
Man, it was a piece of cake, right?
What do you think of my improvisation of Sakura-chan?
Well, I wouldn't say that I imitated her perfectly, but...
...If we take into account my feelings, it definitely is "Sakura-chaaaan"!!
I have no idea what I just said
Good!
In that case, next up...
(Phrase said by Sakura when her brother picks on her)
I'm not a monster!
(Phrase said by Sakura at being annoyed by her brother)
Uh... UEEEEEEEHHHHH!
(Scene where she screams at seeing a ghost)
It wasn't an imitation, it was simply just me!
A.I.Channel
"Card Captor Sakura: Clear Card"
At the moment it's being aired every Sunday at 7:30am in NHK BS Premium!!
Everyone, make sure to watch it!
I don't appear!!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
* Translated by Vortex *